I think they called it German Collective Guilt, right? Where even the Germans who just did nothing while Hitler rose to power were, were maybe somehow also responsible? But I can't control what Cartman does, so, so why should I feel ashamed for what Cartman does? I don't think the answer to all this is member berries. Agh, never mind. I'm just gonna stay out of it.  What the hell are you doing?! You really think you're fooling anyone with this fake persona?! Everyone knows you're acting this way by day so you can be horrible to people on the Internet at night! I don't really care! Just don't drag me into it!  Goddammit!  Do you guys even care how this makes the girls feel?! We all know who did! And if we don't do something, then the girls will eventually retaliate against us!  I didn't know vagina had balls. You're just trying to start a war, aren't you?! It's not gonna work, Cartman! I'm not gonna let you divide boys and girls in this school anymore! when this whole thing comes to an end, you're gonna be all on your own!  Yeah? What are you doing here?? I'm going to the bathroom!  They sat it out because you were harassing them online. Why would you care?! If we could just prove who the troll was, then the girls wouldn't be wanting a war, would they?! Just know this, Cartman! I'm going to prove who Skankhunt 42 is, whatever it takes! Everyone is going to know! And Skankhunt is gonna pay for everything he's! ever! said! Dude, what's going on? Hear what? What happened? Oh no.  She'll get back on. The girls want to see Cartman punished so we have to prove it's him. Yeah, but not like we'd actually do it. Stan... You can't be thinking that we'd- Are we seriously talking about doing this? We're almost there. Just put your stuff on the table and step back. What we had to do. What's going on? Hear what? No, that's impossible! Oh my God. Oh my God...  No. Uh, he quit. He probably got fed up with all the negativity and decided to end it.  I don't know. Okay, that was the cops! The cops were here! But we were wrong! Dad, can I talk to you? All the girls at school are really mad. It's like, one guy gets online and says terrible things about girls and it reflects badly on all of us. Everyone's sad, everyone's depressed and nobody knows how to move forward. I guess what I'm saying is, I'm starting to feel a lot of guilt, just for being a boy. How do I not feel that?  Guys, I've been thinking this over a lot and ... we need to be more active in showing the girls that we respect them. There's a big girl-volleyball game tonight and we should all go and show our support. I do. We need to show the girls that not all boys aren't the same and that we are willing to change.  Butters? Butters, you need to calm down. Dude, this is awesome! Did you see how many of the boys I've got to come out tonight?! This is exactly what we needed. Thank god people listen to me. Oh  no! Everyone all right, guys?  Hi, Cartman. I'm so sorry, what we did to you. This Internet troll has everyone going crazy. We shouldn't have assumed it was you. We shouldn't have broke all of your stuff. No! I know it's not cool. I know you're figuring out how to get back at us. What?! You saw who's vagina?  Yeah right, okay.  I'm being serious, Cartman. Butters needs to be taken down a notch and you're the best at that.  The, the school is in trouble and, um our friends are...   Cartman, will you just help me mess with Butters to stop his little agroclub from getting any bigger? You know what I mean. Come on! We need the old Cartman back! That's not true at all!  Everyone, can I have your attention please?!  I know the past few weeks have been very difficult, for all of us. I know now more than ever that something has to change. I thought a lot about this the past few days. I've seen a lot of things I never thought I would have see. These are all complex issues we're all having to face, and now that I know that after you break it down, there's really only one answer.  I have a fundraiser at school. What?  It's true. Denmark got trolled last night. They left social media.  Yeah. Oh, what do you want now?! Hurry up! Ah! Dude, what the fuck? I'm going to the bathroom! Why?  I have to stay with my group, Cartman. What is? What is all this? Wow, that's pretty smart. You mean like one of the teachers? Are you sure? Emoji analysis, it's genius! She wasn't being funny. I don't! Cartman,  I did some research on the Danish Web site you've been helping out. You do realize that once TrollTrace is online, anybody can use it on anyone, right? So somebody, like Heidi, could use it to see your entire Internet history. Everything you ever said and did on the Internet, even before you were together. Right, but somebody, like me, could look up your entire Internet history, print it out, and give it to Heidi. I would imagine there's some things you've done or said on the Internet you wouldn't want Heidi to know about. It's available to everyone, stupid! Dad, what the? Dad!  Where are you? Dad, what's going on? Mom is freaking out. No, Dad, I need you back home. Please, I-I'm so confused right now. Ike?  What are you doing? Well what'd he do? What? You made people quit Twitter? You started a war between boys and girls? You...?  Oh my God. Oh my God! Ike, come on!  I just felt bad for him, ma.  Hi dad. It was you, this whole time. You're the troll that caused all of this trouble. Heidi Turner did an emoji analysis. It was an adult. It was you.  Why dad? Why did you do this? Putting a penis in the mouth of a mom who has cancer is funny?! How?!  What are you all doing?!  Somebody's threatening your way of life and you all are just sitting here praying, like uh a bunch of babies? Come on, this isn't South Park! What's happened to us?! We used to have a challenge and deal with it, then move onto the next one. Now we've just been dealing with trolling and Internet stuff over and over, week after week; and I don't know about you, but I'm getting pretty sick of it.  Now for once let's take a stand and try to end this. We can't let Denmark change who we are. You guys need to, you know, call the President and get him to take action. Alright! Officials have stated that all communication with Denmark has end, and that a military strike on the country is now imminent. The President stated that since then... Ma, we were just using it to look at the news. I'm not against you, mom. What is dad doing in Denmark?!  Mr. Garrison, you can't bomb Denmark! It's--It's wrong and it could start a bigger war.  I understand that you're a dipshit little gay puppet. Letting your ex-boyfriend manipulate you 'cause you miss his sweet ass. Everyone knows that. You only do what your little bitch boyfriend manipulates you into doing. You're a little dipshit president. With a dirty asshole. And you shit out your dick.  Where did you learn to talk like this? Yeah, you will, because you're a little retarded shit bitch.  Ike...It's time.  I don't know if I'm strong enough to go through with this, but its the only way now. Just remember--I always loved you, little brother. Let's...just get this over with. He's in the pantry. Ma. Mom, we are really sorry... But Ike and I have to do something and we have to be able to use the computers We have to do this, Mom. Its the only thing that can save our family now. Okay, okay, Token? Token are you there? I can't tell you dude, I just need your Alright, Token, please! There's no time to explain! That helps thank you. Tweek, Craig, I need you to get on the GLAAD website and respond to all the horrible shit I just said about gay people. It's not important, just get on it and respond.  Hang on.  Stan! Finally. Dude I need everybody online now! Dude, there's no time to explain, you gotta go out and get everybody, tell them to get on their computers, go! Jimmy, what's the worst possible thing you could say on a website for handicapped Syrian refugees? All right, who else we got now, Kevin are you there, Kenny? No, Ike. So far the only thing you've done is from dad's account, we need you to stay clean. No trolling, Okay!? You can just help me with what I should say. Who are you? O-- Okay? What the hell is "Trevor's Axiom"?  Shit! Mom, there's been a mistake. Ike isn't the school troll. We're trying to help-- Mom, please, you got to listen to me. Ike is innocent No, Mom. You just don't know everything.  I'm sorry, Mom. I'm just trying to protect my family Why don't you kill yourself? Trust me, no one will care. You fat hooker. Ike, when this is all over, we're gonna need to clean your mouth out. Stan! You still haven't found Butters yet? Dude, I need his hatred towards women right now! Shit! Hold on...  Oh, hey, Mr. President Uh...what do you mean?  It is?  Thanks? Butters! Where the fuck are you?! SpaceX? Why?!  Like...how ginormic of an energy source? Cartman, I think we might be able to help each other.  Mr. Garrison, I might have just found a lot more energy. Is there anyway the Pentagon can connect to SpaceX?  You know, the company trying to find new forms of energy, create jobs and get mankind to Mars. Mr. President, do it!