Haha! You guys see what Skankhunt42 did on the school server now? Hehe, he photo shopped a picture of Heidi Turner's mom with a dick in her mouth!  Look! There's Wendy's mom with a dick in her mouth too!  Eric! What happened! They're talking about how they're gonna get us - what do you think? That's how the world works now. You get blamed for the group you belong to, even if you didn't do nothing! What are we gonna do about them? He's not gonna stop, he's loving all this! He wants the girls to hurt us! It's him, or us!  It's not the police we have to worry about, it's Eric. He's gonna get us It doesn't matter. He's comin'. He's comin' to get us.  Eeeaaaahhhh! It's been a rough few weeks, Baby. The girls are still mad about being trolled on the school message board, parents are all freaking out about the election and, and I tell you... you are glad to not be living in this country right now.  But Baby, I love you! I need you! You can't break up with me! Oh my god, I can't believe they got to you.  Those sneaky snakes in the grass! Well you know who, the girls in my school! They all broke up with their boyfriends and now they got you to go along with them! So then it's true! You're all snakes in the grass! Every  last one of you! Oh Charlotte?  Are you there?  Honey? Well why don't you just shut the fuck up, Kyle?  All I've been hearing in a few weeks is how this is our fault, how boys need to change. Well I'm getting pretty sick of it. Everyone else seems to be proud about who they are, but not us; and then we get Uncle Kyle here telling us that the girls are right!  This is a war  on all of us. You want to listen to Uncle Kyle, we'll go ahead. Pretty soon  they'll be locking us all up. And don't think you're safe either, Tweek and Craig. Just 'cause you're gay does not mean that you aren't looked down upon for being boys!  The world wants us all to feel shame just because we were all born with  wieners! No!  We tried doing it your way, Kyle. We tried doing what the girls wanted us to do and where did it get us?  Right! It turned us against one of our own match, that's what it did! What happened to Eric Cartman is the girl's fault, not ours! I'm done feeling guilt. I'm a boy, dang nab it! And you know what? I'm proud of my little wiener. Mark my words, the moment is coming when you all need to decide; are you with your kind,  or are you with Uncle Kyle.   We walk together in peace! We walk together in peace! We're not poor for feeling ashamed in who we are! We're not gonna feel guilt for the way we were born! Wieners out! Don't let anyone tell you you are somehow nice because you're a boy! Don't let anyone tell you to not think with your wiener, as if your wiener is a bad thing! What makes us different makes us beautiful! No more shame, no more doubt, no more bigotry! Don't be an Uncle Kyle! Be proud of who you are! You are either with us or against us! It's really that simple! Good for you, Uncle Kyle!  Anytime anywhere, skank. Why? You're afraid to fight me like a man?  Well okay.  The bouncy ball?  That's it! I am through with your stupid crap! Every house I've been to just rips on me and and says Denmark is stupid! I told you fellas! This is what you get for working with a bunch of stupid girls! What do you want?! Well I don't know, Eric. NO! I'm not doing anything for you! You're a traitor! Yeah! Boys and girls were at war, but you go and kiss your little girlfriend's ass! Whatever happened to sticking with your kind?! Because girls drove us to break all your stuff, dumbass! If anyone should be pissed at chicks, it should be you! But no, you got your bitchy little girlfriend pullin' your strings now! Oh God, listen to you!  "Please don't call her that I really like her." You've changed, Eric! You've really changed! Now get the fuck out of my house!  Traitor!  Fuck you, Stan! You're a traitor!  How dare you be ashamed of who you are?!   What? Well, I'm just angry, Mr. Gentleman. I'm tired of girls saying boys need to change. Somebody has to stand up for our rights!  No. The end? Of what? Hey, Eric!  Well I want to get the fuck off this planet, but they told me I had to take a number.  No, you don't understand. I've seen the light, I'm a changed man, I thought boys were being treated unfairly, but now I know... shit's about to get a lot worse. Loolooloo, I've got some apples. Loolooloo, you've got some too. No no, believe me. I'm a changed man. Girls are really smart, and they'll be running the country soon, and they deserve total respect. Well I don't think there was ever any question women are funny. Remember that movie 9 to 5 with Lily Tomlin and Dolly Parton? Well I laughed my butt off and it never even occurred to me that they were women. I don't know why things changed. I don't know why people make such a big deal about women and comedy now. I mean what about Carol Burnett? She was great. Yeah, well I swear I don't care how many times Amy Schumer talks about her vagina, I laugh every time.  That's already funny!  Hey, that's me too. Yippee! Mr. Musk, wait!  Maybe we can help you get to Mars sooner. I'm not sure if you know our friend, Heidi. She's really smart, and really funny.   He-heyeah! Don't worry about Heidi, she's a hoot.  Hello.   Going pee! Because you keep on telling everyone she is. Eric Eric, trust me! I want nothing to do with girlfriends!  I know what girlfriends do; they make you feel happy like you never felt, then they crawl up inside of you and poop out your heart. That's how it ends, Eric. Girls get you to feel for them, make you think they're the best thing in the world, and then they leave, move on to the next thing; and you're left there crying, with your heart covered in poop. Sure buddy, sure. Don't feel bad about getting duped, Eric. Its happened to all of us. The truth is girls hate us, Eric. They're sick of our shit. And one day, they plan to make us obsolete, stick us underground where we just get milked for our semen. Boys' only hope is to start over on Mars. Yep. Are you sure about what's going to happen on Mars. Because Eric knows the future.  Look underground. I used to think women were funny, too, but Eric talked me out of it. Gee, I don't know what to tell you, buddy. What?! Oh, I'm at SpaceX. Where are you? Well, we sort of created this ginormic energy source, but now, we're trying to figure out what to do with it. Like enough to get humanity to Mars.