 You wanted to see me, PC Principal? It's "Skankhunt42" and no I am not. Unfortunately, that'd be a breach of my civil rights, but I can assure you, nobody respected you girls' poignant protest more than I did. Fellow students, as you know, an Internet troll by the name of Skankhunt42 has been harassing women and girls by making degrading comments on our school message board. The girls are very upset, and many male students believe that it's just because girls don't have a sense of humor. I beg to disagree. Girls rule, women are funny, get over it. Just the other day, in the hallway, I heard two male students saying how the new Ghostbusters sucked balls. I was shocked and appalled. It is time for us all to realize and accept that girls are cool, and women are funny. Wendy? Wendy, could you come up here, please? Come on up, Wendy. Wendy Testaburger, guys.  Wendy, go ahead. Be funny.  Say something funny, Wendy. We can't wait. Hey, girls are funny, Wendy. Okay? Get over it. Just do women's comedy stuff. You know, talk about how fat you are and how you wanna have sex with guy and then say "my vagina" a lot.. And that's just the kind of sexist bull-crap that's gonna keep you in the kitchen. Sit your ass down.  This isn't a joke, you guys. Girls are funny. Bebe, why don't you come up here? Come on, Bebe. No? Come on, talk about havin' sex with guys, and say "vagina" and stuff like that. Go ahead.  Girls rule, women are funny. Bebe, get over yourself. Seriously.  Huh. Oh my God, that wasn't really all that funny. That's weird. Um, let's see. Red? You have any zingers for the crowd? No? How about you, Nelly? K, that wasn't really funny, it was just angry. K, that's good, now just try to say it a little funnier now. Okay, and then, and then, and then just go, "my vagina."  Hi guys!  Are you all ready to hear a story? This was a book I created all with my imagination. It's called "Little Red Riding Kyle. The story of a little gay boy and his adventure with four hilarious women. One day, Little Red Riding Kyle was walking through the forest thinking about guys. He was on his way to visit his grandma, who was a little black boy named Token." Get over it. "But then, a big bad wolf who was a hilarious woman named Janet walked into the house and said 'I have a large vagina' and traded place-"  Rebooting fairy tales to try and ease the friction caused by Internet trolls. Why would I do that, Kyle?  Help!  Help me! Augh! Aw!  A bunch of girls! They cornered me in the gym! They said all boys needed to pay! They kicked and they hit me and, and they kept me down and drew this vagina on my face!  They said it was to send a message! Yeah. See, here's the top of the vagina and there's the balls.  It's starting, you guys! None of us is safe anymore! Yeah, no, they do! Vaginas totally have balls! Right? What do you mean? If vaginas don't have balls, what do they have?  Hey broship. Got a minute? You were right, Kyle. Okay? I drew the vagina on my face. I tried to fool people, but you keenly noticed my one tiny error in that girls don't have balls. Kyle, you have to try and appreciate what I'm doing. I know that a war is coming between us and the girls. I knew it the moment they sat out the National Anthem. Suppose for one second that I'm not Skankhunt42. And that I really have been doing what I've been doing to try and stop the damage he has done? 'Cause I'm scared, Kyle. I don't know if you've noticed, but race wars are back. And now if we get gender wars too?? Yeah but... you can't track down an Internet troll,  it's too bad. Totally, you guys; this has gone far enough.  The girls are really pissed off at us.  You hear that guys? It'd better not happen again tonight!  I am so, seriously. 'Sup dudes?  Are you serious?! All night broship Counter Strike party? That's fucking sweet! Does your uncle's cabin have good wifi? Bros!! Dude, that's so awesome! This is gonna be the best night ever! This is gonna be so awesome. Just hanging with the bros playing Counter Strike all night. Alone in the woods - you pumped Token? I'm totally gonna do some massive pwnage. Whoever's on my team will be stoked. My laptop's so fast it doesn't lag at all. I can jump around like a pwnage powerhouse. You guys all seem kinda, like, bummed out. Is everything cool? Okay, cool. Goin' a long way to play Counter Strike. Guess it's sweet though there won't be any adults to screw it up for us. How much further now? This place has sweet wifi, right? Gon' be so awesome. Oh, dude, is this it? This is cool. So isolated.  Check it out, there's a shovel next to a hole dug in the ground. Dude, is this where we're gonna play? I call dibs on this side! What's the wifi called? Is there a password? I don't see it - I don't see it coming up on my laptop. I don't know, I think maybe the wifi's not working. Where's the box?  You gotta unplug it and plug it back in.  You guys? You guys...? There's...no wifi... What are you...What are you guys talking about - What- Oh my God. Oh my God, you guys are gonna break all my stuff so I can't get online! Please! Please don't break my stuff you guys! This is like, 2 Christmases and a birthday worth of stuff! You guys can't do this! Please! No, don't-get-it-over-with! Don't break my stuff! I'm not SkankHunt, I'm not! You guys, you guys, you don't have to do this! You-don't-have-to-do-this! We can still just play Counter Strike, and forget everything! Oh-my-God, there's no wifi - We can use my phone, to make a hotspot and we can still play Counter Strike! And it'll be sweet! You guys, come on, please! Please, you can't! Please, Clyde! Clyde, you're my friend! Please, y-you know how much - I - need - my - stuff! No please! If I can't get online, I won't-how would I-I- Mumbling. No, God! No! Don't! Don't!! Don't!! Oh my God!! Oh my God!! Oh my God!! Oh my God!! Aahh!! Niah!! Niaah!! Iaahh!! Iaahh!! Niaaahhhh!!!  Iaahh!! Heidi? Heidi Turner? Where?  The park?  I miss my stuff. For what? You weren't the only one. I guess I didn't deserve a second chance. I really tried to make changes. I really tried to become a better person. To sh-show that I was trying to listen.  Women are funny, Heidi. Get over it. Every time Amy Schumer talks about her vagina, I lose my fuckin' mind. I don't have any friends. I don't know if I ever did. Kewl. Hey.  I was thinking again. About how women are just as funny as men. And then I realized... that the only way to really be sure is to see if African-Americans think they're funny. Because, black laughs matter. Yes, it is. Yes, you do.  Heidi, does it ever get any easier? Living in this world? You wanna go somewhere? I'll follow you.  Yeah. It's the best, dude. Try it. Yeah. I think I am too. Heidi, can I ask you something? Do girls... not have balls? So when a girl goes to scratch her balls, how does that work?  I just don't understand what's at the bottom of a vagina. ...Holy shiiit.  Hey, Kyle. Cool. That's cool. I saw a vagina, Kyle. I'm not holding a grudge. I'm happier now. I have purpose. My girlfriend's. She stood six feet away and flashed it really fast. But in that instant, you know what I saw? I saw that humankind can colonize Mars. I saw the potential of our species to terraform other planets and reach the infinite.  Of course you did 'cause you're amazing. Look at what I made you. That's what my baby wanted.  Oh sorry. Heidi, you know Kyle? Oh either way, we totally can. I, I guess Kyle has something to talk to us something about first, um.  Go ahead, Kyle. He said something about us working together to take down Butters. I'm not sure, Boo.  Could you start from the beginning, Kyle?  Heidi is amazing at figuring stuff out.  You want to know what's really going on? I'll tell you what's going on. Even though women have made great gains in the last century, there are still a part of men who aren't comfortable with women having power. It really just comes down to that, and then you have social media which allows men to anonymously say horrific things like "Women aren't funny," even though Heidi's like the funniest person I'be ever met.  No, it's true. Get over yourself. I know. You don't have to 'cause you're awesome.  Like mess with Butters how?  What do you mean "mess with Butters"?   Oh I see! You have a problem with Heidi. You're threatened by her because she actually has interesting things to say and she is funnier than you.  Oh she's not funnier than you,  or is she just not funny because she's a girl?  Sorry, babe. It just really ruffles my feathers.  Look, Kyle, we're just out of it now. Humans on Mars.  Hey hey hey! Whoa, guys! Guys!  Hasn't this gone on long enough? Aren't we tired of being so divided at skewl? It's cool, Baby. Heidi has been really hurt by all of this, you guys. And I think it's time for us to all try to come together, as a skewl. Hey you guys? Guys, we have a lot of problems facing our skewl. I don't know if many of you know Heidi but she's really smart and really funny. You are. And she's come up with a pretty cool idea. Tell 'em, baby. Yeah, but the way you said it was actually way funnier, remember? Remember, you were like "Oh, what if we had a fundraiser?" in uh, what was it?  Remember, you- it was like uh- Yeah, we were having uhh, that dessert thing. What was that, that-? Yeah, yeah, remember? Remember that there was that, that guy that had that, what was it Yeah yeah yeah, that's when you said that- don't let anybody-  Oh hey guys. Wha-what's up? Oh right. A school fundraiser. Tomorrow, we'll be going to each individual class with more information. And after that...  It's awesome. You're doing awesome. Let's come together as a skewl. We can work together hand in hand to make the whole world understand that We came together as a skewl. Put our difference aside, feeling hope now feeling pride. Let's come together as a skewl. And then maybe everyone can finally be as happy as we are. Let's come together as a skewl. Terraform Mars. It was a great idea.  Hey! Hey, buy a Danish for Denmark? What? Heidi!  Don't say that. Because you're smart and funny, that's why. It was a great idea, Heidi.  I think that somehow... trolling is playing a bigger part in this than anyone even realizes. People of Denmark, we know that you've been the victim of trolling. So have we. Maybe we can help. I'm not sure if you know my girlfriend Heidi but... She's really smart and really funny.  You are, babe. Stop it.  Go on, babe, just tell them. Tell them.  Whee!  Hi!  So cool!  Hi!  Dude, Mars rules.  Mars rules! Just thinking about how much we could accomplish if... people weren't so close-minded.  He's not a bad person, Heidi. You're right. You're right, Heidi.  Hey, Broship. You got a minute? Just a second. Please, Kyle? Okay,  come on, Baby. Kyle Kyle, I know you haven't had a serious girlfriend, but you've stop caring about seeing each other in the bathroom.  I remember not that long ago, Kyle, when you told me in this very room I believe, that you were going to prove who the troll was no matter what. Do you remember that, Kyle? Where's that Kyle?  No no, I know. Being in groups is great; you get to gang  up and smash people's stuff, pull up your wiener in the cafeteria.  I wonder what the old Kyle say about this Kyle. I wonder if old Kyle would be pretty disgusted right now by who he's become. Heidi's been working with Denmark now, Kyle. I want to show you what she's done. It's gonna change the way you think. Like you said what you would do, Kyle, except she actually meant it. She's funny too, Kyle. You're not giving her credit for being hilarious. Hey man, can we have a quick chin wiggle? Look, the other day when you said Heidi wasn't funny, that was pretty lame, man. Oh my God, will you let it go?! Why do you have to have this hangup against women?! You do, Kyle! You have to think about the things you say! They matter!  Yeah, to catch trolls.  Well, Heidi doesn't actually use the Internet. We've sworn off that stuff, so it's kewl.  ...Uh oh.  No, it sucked! I'm gonna send Butters an e-mail right now.  "Dude, don't bother with new Ghostbusters. Totally not funny. Chicks ruined it."  Can we get ice cream now? I wanna get the taste of ass out of my mouth.  How can they make what I said on the Internet available to the public? That's bullshit! I gotta go!  Not kewl! Not kewl!  Not kewl!  It's all falling apart! Weak! I-I, I don't know. It's just hard. And I do.  This one time,  I think it was over the summer I went to see the new Ghostbusters movie. And, and during the movie I was like "Wait, where is my phone?" and I couldn't find it; and then Jimmy said "Ha ha ha, screw you, Cartman," and he was holding my phone and he ran off with it and said, "I gonna send a bunch of texts and emails from your phone so that everyone thinks it's from you,"; and I was like "No, that's not cool!" and he said "Yeah," and he said a bunch of mean stuff before I went to go get him and I took my phone back; and I'm just worried th-that people look at my Internet history, they're gonna think all that stuff came from me! So you totally believe me? Hey hey Butters, can I talk to you?  Do you remember an e-mail I sent to you a few months ago, after I saw the new Ghostbusters movie? In which I might have said something to the effect of it totally sucking balls because women aren't funny? I just need to see exactly what I e-mailed you, Butters. And then I need you to e-mail me saying what an awesome prank that was e-mailing you "Ghostbusters sucked balls" when actually I told you it was really funny several times in person. A traitor? Sticking with my kind? You guys broke all my stuff! Please do not call her that, Butters. I really like her. Yeah. Neither did I. You can't stop believing that. Now more than ever you have to stay strong. You are smart, Heidi.  You're funny. Oh my God, when Amy Schumer talks about her vagina I seriously lose my shit. Yes, Heidi. For the first time I'm really scared for the future. Heidi? Heidi! Sorry, I have to talk to you. It's really important. Heidi, we... have to get to Mars. No, Heidi, we have to get to Mars like, now.  I've seen what's gonna happen when Trolltrace goes online. I think... a lot of people have said and done things online that will make a lot of other people angry and, it's going to be very bad. Humankind is going to destroy itself and its only hope are the people who go to Mars, where there's no wifi. So nobody can see what anybody said or did on the Internet, ever. Yes.  Heidi, I think there is. But you have to totally trust me, and know that I'm doing this to save... us. That's kewl. We aren't gonna see home again, babe. We're gonna make it. There's no turning back. Yes. I do.  Hello. I understand that you're trying to get to Mars. This is my girlfriend, Heidi. She's really smart and really funny. We've given up social media and we'd like to be somewhere as far from the internet as possible. Is it true Mars would have really shitty Wi-Fi? Well, we'd like to go. We can't tolerate this world anymore and we'd like to talk to whoever we can about getting to Mars as soon as possible please. What others? What the fuck, dude?! Ah god dammit, is that Cher?! Jesus, I didn't think getting to Mars would take this long. I know, but it'll be worth it, babe. We'll be left alone to make our new world better.  What the hell are you doing here? Oh no no no! You're a male chauvinist sexist pig, Butters. You don't get to go to Mars. Butter, Butters! You expect people to believe that you went from being the biggest asshole in the school to a softhearted feminist like me? Fat chance. Yeah? You just forgot one thing, that women are funny too. That didn't occur to you, did it, Butters? Yeah, I mean, when women make vagina jokes I think it's the funniest thing ever!  Oh, I see what you're doing. Oh nothin', babe. I'm just... Do you think you could tell me some jokes? Because you're  fucking hilarious.  Oh, finally. Oh great, a stupid tour guide. Can we just talk to someone important please? We want to go to Mars.  They already have Pizza Pockets. Excuse me, Mr. Musk, this is all super interesting and shit, but can we see the Mars rocket now? Whoawhoawhoawhoa, what about going to Mars? No, no nonono, we have to go now!  You got it figured out yet, babe? Heidi, yes you do. You just have to get over yourself. Come on, say it. Say it.  Get over it, baby. Stop holding yourself back.  What the fuck do you want?!  Hang on, babe.  Just give her a chance.  She's the smartest, funniest girl on Earth. Yeah,  that's because you have a mental block, Elon Musk.  They won't let you get over yourself.   What are you doing? I mean what are you doing here calling my girlfriend funny? You better back off! You don't even know her, your just saying it! How do you even know she's funny?! Butters, Heidi is everything to me. If you take her, I swear to god... What are you talking about? Not Heidi, she's different. She's really smart, and really funny.   I just don't understand it. She's always been really smart before. And hilarious.  Nobody's been duped! Stop suggesting that she's being manipulative. Why would she want to trick me?  That's ridiculous. That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Heidi is the smartest, funniest person I've ever met. I'm not being tricked. And I'll prove it to everybody!  Hey, babe. Uh, how's it going?  Okay, cool. Uh, babe, you remember that funny thing you were saying about soup the other day. What was that again? Do you--you remember that funny voice you did at McDonald's? You were like "Could you--Could you hand me my water," or something. I can't--I can't remember. Or the time you said the thing about clouds and I was laughing so hard--What was that again? Okay, okay, now could you just do the "my vagina" thing for them? Could you just say "my vagina"? What the fuck is happening? Butters Stotch Conniving, snakes-in-the-grass. All of them. We have to tell someone the truth, Butters. It's all been leading up to this, we've just been too blind to see it before. Maybe just a moment alone, to talk? The end of our species. Listen, there isn't much time. This whole thing has to be stopped. We can't go to Mars. I've had visions of Mars for the past few months. I'm a visionary. That's why I came, why I brought her. But the visions weren't complete until recently. I know what happens on Mars. Everyone will be really nice. Hi! You'll think the rover cars and roller coasters are really cool. But then, you'll realize something--The other colonists all seem to be women. Hmm, let's see And then you'll start to wonder, "Where are all the other guys?" And soon, you'll realize there's areas you didn't understand the purpose for. What is this place? And that's when you'll learn the truth... Men have been forced underground, deemed useless by women. They are mined for the only things women still need us for, our semen, and our jokes. What?! No, no! You're just as funny as us! You don't need to do this! Nooooooo! No, no! No! No! And you'll be trapped down there forever, in the cum and joke mines of Mars. If there's even a little part of you that really doesn't believe that, then think about what else has to be going on. You have to help us stop this! Elon, I know you've dreamt of mankind getting to Mars, but its not going to be very kind to man. They're going to put us underground. What's the one thing women don't have? Semen and a sense of humor. They're pretty related. Oh, Elon. Oh, Christ, Elon. It's something they do to our brains. They attract us like flies to the spiderweb. And then they make you think they're really smart, really funny. But they're only really smart, Elon. They can live without us. We can't live without them. If even 1/16th of you believes that women might not be as funny as men, Elon-- Elon? What the hell am I going to do, Butters? Semen and a sense of humor. I can't live without Heidi. I know I'll be miserable. But I also can't live on the cum and joke mines of Mars. If I stay on Earth where the internet is, Heidi finds out I know women aren't actually funny. And if I go to Mars, I get milked like a goat.  Is that Kyle?  Kyle, do you mind? I'm having really big girl problems right now. Attention all SpaceX employees.  Please evacuate the building immediately.  We just received a bomb threat from NASA. This is not a drill.  The NASA terrorists are super-jelly of us. Please quietly and calmly find the nearest exit and get the fuck out as fast as you can.  Ah!  Oh, hey, babe. Wh-What's up? Oh yeah, I was just...They told me on the stifernisy thing. It was spinning. Come on, we better get out.  Distant? Really? Oh my God. I-I'm sorry.  No. No, Heidi. Why would you think that?  Uh-huh, uh-huh. Yeah, go on. Uh-huh. Yeah, cool. Heidi, I'll always do what's best both of us.  Now come on we got to get outside. Well, looks like you're gonna have to kind of start over, huh, Elon?. Maybe you should just go back to your little cars, huh? Yeah, well some people's dreams are other people's nightmares. It was a joke.